Okay.
So now that we have a header container component, we can render it somewhere.
So what I'm actually going to do is rather than create a plain view component, I'm going to create
a view.
And as a reminder, a view is a plain view component, but it represents the top level component, the
top of the hierarchy at a given root.
So the idea is every view here really corresponds to a root in our router index file.
And this is the component that kickstarts the entire process.
It's kind of the component that's loading all of the components from the top level, right?
So in home view, for example, we are rendering our here a component and that is where everything kicks
off when we go to our root home.
Root right.
So in my views directory, I'm going to create a new view and I'm going to call it my team's view.
So teams view dot view and in here I'm going to create my template and I'm going to create my script.
And it's in here that I'm going to import my header container component that we created in the previous
lesson.
So I'm going to import header container and that is going to come from my source directory components
shared and then header container view.
And then of course, I need to export default to my configuration object.
I'm going to give this component a name of teams view and then I'm going to provide my components property.
I'm going to register my header container component, which allows me to use it in line.
And that's exactly what I'm going to do right in my template tag.
I'm going to render a header container.
Now, for now, we're not going to worry about slots.
I just want to get this up on the screen.
So I'm just going to make it a single self-closing component right here.
So now that we have wired up our view, we need to register it and connect it to a route.
So I'm going to head to my router.
Index dots followed and we're going to follow the exact same protocol we did earlier.
We're going to dynamically load our teams page whenever the user's at a specific route, and that's
just going to reduce the total size of our view bundle.
So right here, I'm going to define a new constant called teams view and it's going to be set to an
arrow function that's going to load the import function.
And what is it going to import?
It's going to import this far right here, act views.
And then we're going to import the team's view dot view file.
The one we just created.
The next thing I'm going to do is create a new route for this team's view.
So right here, I'm going to add a new object.
Each object represents a route, and the path where I want the team's view component to load is going
to be slash teams.
And then the name I'm going to assign to this route will simply be teams.
And finally, the component I want to load at this URL or this route is going to be this teams you right
here.
So teams view is a function and that is exactly what dynamically tells you.
Don't auto load the teams your component, rather load it when the user goes to this path.
When the user goes to this path, run this function which will import that top level view component.
All right.
Now we have a registered as an available route, but how do we actually navigate to the teams page?
Well, you may recall that's actually an available menu item on our main nav.
So if I go to a component we have not been to in a while, which is our main NAV component, and this
component we are iterating over a bunch of menu items using the V4 Directive and we are creating a router
linked to each.
As a reminder, a router link is just a view component available from your router that prevents a page
refresh.
So this is how we navigate within a view app and each router link here, as you can see, has a bunch
of text, which is what we displayed to the user.
Actually, it's rendered right here and then we actually have the URL that we are going to and all of
this is configured down below.
Here's where we have our menu items, data object, where we provide the text for the menu and the URL
that it goes to.
And now for my teams page, I want to go to my slash team's root, which we just built up in our router
index that Jess found.
So we're just kind of setting up all the basic plumbing we need to render our header container in a
separate view and a separate root.
And that that's the whole idea in the official Google Careers website, of course, is that each view
has its own header container and each one customizes the header and the subtitle customizes the HTML,
customize the CSS, etc., so that each page can have a different looking header.
All right.
So with that, we can head back to our browser.
And if I go to my team's page right here, we're going to see our sample header container component.
All right.
And everything looks as it should.
It's not really impressive.
But we can see here we're getting the sample title from our very first slot.
So because we did not provide any slot content to our header container when we rendered it, in our
team's view, we're simply falling back to that first slots default content and then view is also falling
back to the second slots default content of sample subtitle right here.
All right.
So now that we've wired everything up in the very next lesson, we can see how we can we can see and
explore how we can provide dynamic slot content to both of our named slots.